TW-918 Live Collections (#4647)
postmanlabs/postman-docs: src/pages/docs/collections/live-collections/live-collections-sdk-install.md

---
title: "Live collections SDK installation"
updated: 2023-03-15
---

> To start using Live collections, create a collection, then install the Postman SDK in your application.

Reviewer: Should we define "SDK" the first time we use it?

Author: It's fine

> 1. Create a new collection. Select **New**, then select **Live Collection**. Or in an existing collection, select the <img alt="Live collections icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-live-collections.jpg#icon" width="16px"> icon in the right sidebar, then select **Enable Live**.

Reviewer: What about something like: 

`To create a new Live collection, select **New**, then select **Live Collection**. To enable Live collections for an existing collection, select a collection, select the Live collections icon <img alt="Live collections icon" src="https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/icon-live-collections.jpg#icon" width="16px"> in the right sidebar, then select **Enable Live**.`

1. Select your application language: **Node.js** or **Python**.

1. Select a framework. For Node.js, select **Express.js**, **Meteor.js**, or **Next.js**. For Python, select **Django**, **Flask**, or **CherryPy**.

1. Install the Postman SDK in the application’s root directory. You're provided with a installation command that uses `npm` or `pip`. Copy the command and enter it on your server to install the SDK.

    ![Live Collections install SDK](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/live-collections-install-sdk.jpg)

> 1. Configure the Postman SDK by adding a code snippet to your application. For example, for Node.js and Express.js, paste the given code into your app's main `index.js` file:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Configure the Postman SDK by adding a code snippet to your application. For example, for a Node.js application using the Express.js framework, paste the given code into your app's main `index.js` file:
```

>     ![Live Collections configure SDK](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/live-collections-configure-sdk.jpg)

Reviewer: Should we blur the collection ID in the screenshot?

Author: That's a fake collection. (Star Wars fans might see the easter egg here...)

    1. You need to add a [Postman API key](/docs/developer/intro-api/) to the code snippet. You can do this with a variable in your application, or select **Add API Key**.

        ![Live Collections configure SDK](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/live-collections-add-api-key.jpg)

>     1. Select **Generate Key** to create a new key, or **Use Existing Key** to use one you've previously created.

Reviewer: If my understanding is correct, you can either add the Postman API key to the code snippet using a variable in your application, or add the key directly to the code snippet. Either way, it seems like we want users to select the **Add API Key** button so they can get their key.

Also, it seems like we want users to get their API key before pasting the code snippet into their `index.js` file.

What if we make updates similar to the following:

```
5. Configure the Postman SDK by adding a code snippet to your application. First, add a Postman API key to the code snippet. You can do this with a variable in your application, or add it to the code snippet. Select **Add API Key**. Then select **Generate Key** to create a new key, or **Use Existing Key** to use one you've previously created.

    ![Live Collections configure SDK](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/live-collections-add-api-key.jpg)

6. Add the code snippet into your app's main `index.js` file. For example, for a Node.js application using the Express.js framework, copy the following code:

    ![Live Collections configure SDK](https://assets.postman.com/postman-docs/v10/live-collections-configure-sdk.jpg)

7. Restart your application if it's already running.
```

Author: I had to reword this slightly - it's not always the index.js file depending on language, and you wouldn't necessarily need to go to the API key page if you already have it set in your app for some other reason. (This is an advanced situation and we shouldn't explain it all here.)
